Add Features List to README (#7382)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: README.md

See [rush.json](./rush.json) for the complete list of packages and [Versioning.md](./Versioning.md) for package and API versioning policies.

Each package has its own **node_modules** directory that contains symbolic links to _common_ dependencies managed by Rush.

## Features

> - ✅ Create infrastructure digitals twins of assets or projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✅ Create infrastructure digital twins of assets or projects
```

> - ✅ Aggregate BIM, Reality, GIS, and IoT and other standard formats together

Reviewer 2: Spell out your acronyms and prefer a term like "engineering model" over "BIM".

> - ✅ Aggregate Engineering Models, Reality Data, Geographic Information Systems, 'Internet of Things' Data, and other standard formats together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✅ Aggregate Engineering Models, Reality Data, Geographic Information Systems, Internet of Things (IoT) Data, and other standard formats
```
